[ADD] marketing automation: added 'getting started' section and docs … (#2552)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/marketing_automation/getting_started/workflow_activities.rst

marketing activities to coincide with your marketing campaign.

When you select 'Add New Activity,' a blank activity template will appear.

.. image:: workflow_activities/activity-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: What an activity template looks like in Odoo.

- :guilabel:`Activity Name` - the title of your activity.
- :guilabel:`Activity Type` - choose between Email, Server Action (internal Odoo operation), or SMS.
- :guilabel:`Mail Template` - choose from pre-configured templates (or create a new one on-the-fly).
- :guilabel:`Trigger` - choose when this activity should be triggered.
- :guilabel:`Expiry Duration` - if you want your actions to stop after a specific amount of time
  (after the scheduled date). When selected, a 'Cancel after' field appears, in which you can choose
  how many Hours, Days, Weeks, or Months you want your actions to cease after the initial date.
- :guilabel:`Activity Filter` - domain related to this activity (and all subsequent Child Activities).
- :guilabel:`Applied Filter` - activity will **only** be performed if it satisfies your specific
  domain (filter).

Workflow Activity
=================

> Once saved, your Workflow Activity will appear in Odoo. Each activity will be shown as a graph (by
> default). The configured trigger time for that activity can be found to the left of the Workflow
> Activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once saved, the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` will appear in Odoo. Each activity will be shown as a
graph (by default). The configured trigger time for that activity can be found to the left of the
:guilabel:`Workflow Activity`.
```

> You'll also find the number of activities that are successful (and rejected). The 'Success' (green)
> and 'Rejected' (red) numbers are color-coded in the graph for easy reference. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` section, there is also the number of activities that are
successful (and rejected). The :guilabel:`Success` (green) `and guilabel:`Rejected` (red) numbers
are color-coded in the graph for easy reference. 
```

.. image:: workflow_activities/workflow-activity.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical workflow activity in Odoo Marketing Automation.

> Beneath the Workflow Activity data, you'll see more in-depth analytics detailing how many have been
> sent, and what percentage of those have been Clicked, Replied to, or Bounced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beneath the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` data, there are more in-depth analytics detailing how many
emails (if the :guilabel:`Activity Type` of the activity is set to :guilabel:`Email`) have been
:guilabel:`Sent`, and what percentage of those have been :guilabel:`Clicked`, :guilabel:`Replied`
to, or :guilabel:`Bounced`.
```

> Child Activities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Child activities
```

================

> Odoo also gives you the option to 'Add Child Activity.' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo also has the option to :guilabel:`Add Child Activity`. 
```

> 'Child Activities' are sub-activities that are connected to (and triggered by) the activity above
> it, which is also known as its 'Parent Activity.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Child Activities` are sub-activities that are connected to (and triggered by) the activity above
it, which is also known as its **Parent Activity**.
```

I used bold formatting (**double asterisks**) around `Parent Activity` to emphasize the term. I didn't use a `:guilabel:` because `Parent Activity` is not visible text (i.e., button or field name) on the Odoo interface, it is used in this sentence to refer to the concept.

> Odoo provides a number of triggering options to launch a Child Activity - all of which depend on
> the Trigger configurations related to the activity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo provides a number of triggering options to launch a :guilabel:`Child Activity` - all of which
depend on the trigger configurations related to the parent activity. 
```

> You can choose to trigger a activity in the following ways:
> 
> - :guilabel:`Add Another Activity` - instantly add another activity.
> - :guilabel:`Opened` - the next activity will be triggered if the recipient opens the mailing.
> - :guilabel:`Not Opened` - the next activity will be triggered if the recipient doesn't open the
>   mailing.
> - :guilabel:`Replied` - the next activity will be triggered if the recipient replies to the mailing.
> - :guilabel:`Not Replied` - the next activity will be triggered if the recipient doesn't reply to
>   the mailing.
> - :guilabel:`Clicked` - the next activity will be triggered if the recipient clicks on a link
>   included in the mailing.
> - :guilabel:`Not Clicked` - the next activity will be triggered if the recipient doesn't click on a
>   link included in the mailing.
> - :guilabel:`Bounced` - the next activity will be triggered if the mailing is bounced (not sent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the desired parent activity, hover over :guilabel:`Add child activity`, and select the
trigger:

- :guilabel:`Add Another Activity`: instantly add another activity.
- :guilabel:`Opened`: the next activity will be triggered if the (email) recipient opens the mailing.
- :guilabel:`Not Opened`: the next activity will be triggered if the recipient does not open the
  mailing.
- :guilabel:`Replied`: the next activity will be triggered if the recipient replies to the mailing.
- :guilabel:`Not Replied`: the next activity will be triggered if the recipient does not reply to
  the mailing.
- :guilabel:`Clicked`: the next activity will be triggered if the recipient clicks on a link
  included in the mailing.
- :guilabel:`Not Clicked`: the next activity will be triggered if the recipient does not click on a
  link included in the mailing.
- :guilabel:`Bounced`: the next activity will be triggered if the mailing is bounced (not sent).
```

> - :guilabel:`Bounced` - the next activity will be triggered if the mailing is bounced (not sent).

Reviewer: After the last bullet list item ("Bounced"), I feel like it would be good to add a closing paragraph saying something like "Once a trigger is selected, the user can configure the child activity (it has the same configuration options as a regular activity) and click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to finish creating the child activity."

Marketing activities
====================

When creating a campaign in the :guilabel:`Marketing Automation` app, the user can configure

> marketing activities. In the :guilabel:`Workflow` area, the user can click 'Add New Activity' to 
> add, edit, and customize different marketing activities to coincide with the marketing campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
marketing activities. In the :guilabel:`Workflow` area, the user can click :guilabel:`Add New
Activity` to add, edit, and customize different marketing activities to coincide with the marketing
campaign.
```

When :guilabel:`Add New Activity` is selected, a blank activity template will appear.

.. image:: workflow_activities/activity-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An activity template in Odoo Marketing Automation.

- :guilabel:`Activity Name`: the title of the activity.
- :guilabel:`Activity Type`: choose between Email, Server Action (internal Odoo operation), or SMS.
- :guilabel:`Mail Template`: choose from pre-configured templates (or create a new one on-the-fly).
- :guilabel:`Trigger`: choose when this activity should be triggered.
- :guilabel:`Expiry Duration`: configure to stop the actions after a specific amount of time
  (after the scheduled date). When selected, a :guilabel:`Cancel after` field appears, in which the
  user can choose how many :guilabel:`Hours, Days, Weeks, or Months` they want the actions to cease
  after the initial date.
- :guilabel:`Activity Filter`: domain related to this activity (and all subsequent Child Activities).

> - :guilabel:`Applied Filter`: activity will **only** be performed if it satisfies the specified
>   domain (filter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Applied Filter`: activity will *only* be performed if it satisfies the specified
  domain (filter).
```

For clarity, I changed the formatting around `only` to italics instead of bold. My reasoning is that you use bold formatting later in the doc to introduce the term `Parent Activity`, and `only` is not a term that's being introduced, it's just a word being emphasized, so it should have different formatting from `Parent Activity`.

Marketing activities

> ====================

Reviewer 2: This file needs a main heading, as right now the three headings "Marketing Activities", "Workflow activity" and "Child activities" are on the same level, and shown in the table of content.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19364378/205906660-acfeb403-f0c9-463c-9f33-aa94469eaee9.png)

When creating a campaign in the :guilabel:`Marketing Automation` app, users can plan marketing
activities such as email or SMS campaigns. To get started, navigate to the :guilabel:`Workflow`
area, and click :guilabel:`Add New Activity`. A blank activity template will appear where
parameters can be set for that specific activity.

> When :guilabel:`Add New Activity` is selected, a blank activity template will appear.

Reviewer 3: Would add this to connect the bullet list that follows.
```suggestion
When :guilabel:`Add New Activity` is selected, a blank activity template will appear with the
following customizable fields:
```

> .. image:: workflow_activities/activity-template.png

Reviewer 3: Image is too big.
Resize between 768-933 pixel width, compress, and replace.

.. image:: workflow_activities/activity-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: An activity template in Odoo Marketing Automation.

- :guilabel:`Activity Name`: the title of the activity.
- :guilabel:`Activity Type`: choose between Email, Server Action (internal Odoo operation), or SMS.
- :guilabel:`Mail Template`: choose from pre-configured templates (or create a new one on-the-fly).
- :guilabel:`Trigger`: choose when this activity should be triggered.
- :guilabel:`Expiry Duration`: configure to stop the actions after a specific amount of time
  (after the scheduled date). When selected, a :guilabel:`Cancel after` field appears, in which the
  user can choose how many :guilabel:`Hours, Days, Weeks, or Months` they want the actions to cease

>   after the initial date.

Reviewer 3: Break at or slightly before 100th character.
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Expiry Duration`: configure to stop the actions after a specific amount of time (after
  the scheduled date). When selected, a :guilabel:`Cancel after` field appears, in which the user
  can choose how many :guilabel:`Hours, Days, Weeks, or Months` they want the actions to cease
  after the initial date.
```

> - :guilabel:`Activity Filter`: domain related to this activity (and all subsequent Child Activities).

Reviewer 3: Close, but exceeds character count limit at 100. 
Break as follows:
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Activity Filter`: domain related to this activity (and all subsequent Child
  Activities).
```

- :guilabel:`Applied Filter`: activity will *only* be performed if it satisfies the specified
  domain (filter).

After the activity's settings are fully configured, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to finish
creating the activity.

Workflow activity
=================

Once saved, the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` will appear in Odoo. Each activity will be shown as a
graph (by default). The configured trigger time for that activity can be found to the left of the

> :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` card.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion (the parenthesis threw me off 😅 )
``` suggestion
Once saved, the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` will appear in Odoo, where each activity will be
shown as a graph by default. The configured trigger time for that activity can be found to the left
of the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` card.
```

> In the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` section, there is also the number of activities that are
> successful (and rejected). The :guilabel:`Success` (green) and :guilabel:`Rejected` (red) numbers
> are color-coded in the graph for easy reference. 

Reviewer 3: Optional suggestion around wording.
```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` section, there is also the number of activities that are
successful or rejected. The :guilabel:`Success` and :guilabel:`Rejected` numbers are color-coded
in the graph for easy reference (in green and red, respectively).
```

> .. image:: workflow_activities/workflow-activity.png

Reviewer 3: Optional: could probably bring this image down in size too. It's right on the cusp of being too large.

   :align: center
   :alt: Typical workflow activity in Odoo Marketing Automation.

Beneath the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` data, there are more in-depth analytics detailing how
many emails (if the :guilabel:`Activity Type` of the activity is set to :guilabel:`Email`) have 
been :guilabel:`Sent`, and what percentage of those have been :guilabel:`Clicked`, 

> :guilabel:`Replied` to, or :guilabel:`Bounced`.

Reviewer 3: Think this would be better as a **Note** or a **Tip**.
As well here is a wording/order suggestion for this block:
``` suggestion
.. tip::
   If the :guilabel:`Activity Type` of the activity is set to :guilabel:`Email`, there are more
   in-depth analytics beneath the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` data detailing how many emails have
   been :guilabel:`Sent`, and what percentage of those have been :guilabel:`Clicked`,
   :guilabel:`Replied` to, or :guilabel:`Bounced`.
```

Child activities
================

> Odoo also has the option to :guilabel:`Add Child Activity`. 
> 
> *Child Activities* are sub-activities that are connected to (and triggered by) the 
> activity above it, which is also known as its *Parent Activity*.
> 
> Odoo provides a number of triggering options to launch a :guilabel:`Child Activity` - all of which
> depend on the trigger configurations related to the parent activity. 
> 
> Under the desired parent activity, hover over :guilabel:`Add child activity`, and select the
> trigger:

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: group like-content together, as some of these sentences don't stand well on their own without surrounding context. Source: [content guidelines re: paragraphs](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/15.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#paragraphing)

```suggestion
Odoo also has the option to :guilabel:`Add Child Activity`. *Child Activities* are sub-activities
that are connected to (and triggered by) the activity above it, which is also known as its *Parent
Activity*.

Odoo provides a number of triggering options to launch a :guilabel:`Child Activity` - all of which
depend on the trigger configurations related to the parent activity. Under the desired parent
activity, hover over :guilabel:`Add child activity`, and select the trigger:
```

Marketing activities
====================

> When creating a campaign in the :guilabel:`Marketing Automation` app, the user can configure
> marketing activities. In the :guilabel:`Workflow` area, the user can click :guilabel:`Add New
> Activity` to add, edit, and customize different marketing activities to coincide with the marketing
> campaign.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: add more context, adjust wording.

```suggestion
When creating a campaign in the :guilabel:`Marketing Automation` app, users can plan marketing
activities such as email or SMS campaigns. To get started, navigate to the :guilabel:`Workflow`
area, and click :guilabel:`Add New Activity`. A blank activity template will appear where
parameters can be set for that specific activity.
```

- :guilabel:`Activity Type`: choose between :guilabel:`Email`, :guilabel:`Server Action` (internal
  Odoo operation), or :guilabel:`SMS`.
- :guilabel:`Mail Template`: choose from pre-configured templates (or create a new one on-the-fly).
- :guilabel:`Trigger`: choose when this activity should be triggered.
- :guilabel:`Expiry Duration`: configure to stop the actions after a specific amount of time
  (after the scheduled date). When selected, a :guilabel:`Cancel after` field appears, in which the
  user can choose how many :guilabel:`Hours, Days, Weeks, or Months` they want the actions to cease
  after the initial date.
- :guilabel:`Activity Filter`: domain related to this activity (and all subsequent Child
  Activities).
- :guilabel:`Applied Filter`: activity will *only* be performed if it satisfies the specified
  domain (filter).

After the activity's settings are fully configured, click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to finish
creating the activity.

Workflow activity
=================

Once saved, the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` will appear in Odoo. Each activity will be shown as a
graph (by default). The configured trigger time for that activity can be found to the left of the

> :guilabel:`Workflow Activity`.

Reviewer 3: context
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Workflow Activity` card.
```

In the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` section, there is also the number of activities that are

> successful (and rejected). The :guilabel:`Success` (green) `and guilabel:`Rejected` (red) numbers

Reviewer 3: `:guilabel:` formatting
```suggestion
successful (and rejected). The :guilabel:`Success` (green) and `guilabel:`Rejected` (red) numbers
```

are color-coded in the graph for easy reference.

.. image:: workflow_activities/workflow-activity.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Typical workflow activity in Odoo Marketing Automation.

> Beneath the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` data, there are more in-depth analytics detailing how 

Reviewer 3: delete trailing whitespace.
```suggestion
Beneath the :guilabel:`Workflow Activity` data, there are more in-depth analytics detailing how
```

many emails (if the :guilabel:`Activity Type` of the activity is set to :guilabel:`Email`) have
been :guilabel:`Sent`, and what percentage of those have been :guilabel:`Clicked`,
:guilabel:`Replied` to, or :guilabel:`Bounced`.

Child activities
================

Odoo also has the option to :guilabel:`Add Child Activity`.

> **Child Activities** are sub-activities that are connected to (and triggered by) the activity above
> it, which is also known as its **Parent Activity**.

Reviewer 3: Formatting when defining terms, for consistency.
```suggestion
*Child Activities* are sub-activities that are connected to (and triggered by) the activity above
it, which is also known as its *Parent Activity*.
```

Odoo provides a number of triggering options to launch a :guilabel:`Child Activity` - all of which
depend on the trigger configurations related to the parent activity.

Under the desired parent activity, hover over :guilabel:`Add child activity`, and select the
trigger:

- :guilabel:`Add Another Activity`: instantly add another activity.

> - :guilabel:`Opened`: the next activity will be triggered if the (email) recipient opens the mailing.

Reviewer 3: break 100th character
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Opened`: the next activity will be triggered if the (email) recipient opens the
  mailing.
```
